#Pet Adoption Program

Program imports a CSV file of pets to a hash table. The user can then search for a pet by the ID, Gender, Type, Name, and Location. 

I initially thought of coding in Java and searched ObservableList and Array objects for function and iteration capability, then thought a Hashtable would be a better object for storing the pets in to speed the program up to O(1) time when searching. I then remembered that Python has a great implementation of Hashtables and so began coding the program in Python instead. For bulk import of pets, I went with my first idea of a CSV file import. The Insert function in the Hash class appends the pets into the hashtable, so further imports of CSV files would be a good enhancement. I then programmed the search functions for ID, Gender, Type, Name, and Location. I created the initial CSV file of pets and added it to the program. I started hunting for a good algorithm that would search by any combination of attributes and started running out of time. I then thought of adding a 'remove' function to the Hash class so pets can be removed from the hashtable when they're adopted.

Assumptions are: There would be a UI for users to enter a value in a search field for use in the 'searchPet' class to find a specified pet by the associated attribute(s). This UI would also allow user to select a file for import, would have a display for viewing said pet and attributes that would display the 'searched for' pet once search attribute is initiated.

The program is extensible/scalable in that the ease in upgrading the program to increase the pet attributes, add additional classes for customers and adoption objects can be accomplished without having to modify the entire program. For the 'customer' class, I would add a constructor for the customer that takes demographic data. I would add a class for adoption qualifications that would have functions that checked for specified 'good adoption candidate' attributes and if they weren't found, would not allow the adoption to move forward. 'Adoption' class would retain a pet, a customer, and adoption objects. I would also add functions that print a list of all pets, print a list of all customers and search for number of adoptions based of of date ranges.

Debugging to be done by programmer. Unit Testing would entail either having a separate QA team do unit testing or engineer doing the unit testing. Test cases would be written up for each user requirement scenario to try and force the function to fail (invalid or unexpected values utilized). Testing of code would be done by creating functions in a separate class that implements the searching functions in 'SearchPet', checks that the functions in 'Hash' allow user to insert and remove pets from the table, and checks that the CSV file imports to the hash table without issue (white box testing; either limited by time or by completing fix of a percentage of errors) for the code. Once UI side added, combination of black/white box testing making sure to test edge cases as well. 
